Fees page (#3927)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/funding-and-support/tuition-fees.md

---
title: "Teacher training tuition fees"
heading: "Tuition fees"
subcategory: Courses with fees
description: |-

>     Find out about post graduate teacher training costs in England, including the amount you'll pay for courses with tuition fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Find out about postgraduate teacher training costs in England, including the amount you'll pay for courses with tuition fees.
```

related_content:
    Bursaries and scholarships: "/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries"
    Student finance for teacher training: "/funding-and-support/tuition-fee-and-maintenance-loans"
    Salaried teacher training: "/funding-and-support/salaried-teacher-training"
external_content:
    - content/train-to-be-a-teacher/promos/find-your-course
promo_content:
    - content/funding-and-support/promos/get-adviser-funding-promo
navigation: 20.10
navigation_description: Find out about post graduate teacher training costs in England, including the amount you'll pay for courses with tuition fees.
keywords:
    - Tuition Fees
    - Teacher Training Course Fees
    - How Much Cost Train As Teacher
    - Teacher Training Tuition Fees
    - Student Finance
    - Financial Support
---

> Find out about post graduate teacher training costs in England, including the amount you'll pay for courses with tuition fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out about postgraduate teacher training costs in England, including the amount you'll pay for courses with tuition fees.
```
